# Carstore
Introduction
Nowadays, people are more and more interested in the types of cars. So, we decided to take on a car project and saw how easy it is to order a car. Our goal is to find a way that allows people to buy a car easily, quickly and conveniently, and to implement this idea. There is now a new trend in car buying - buying them online from certain sites. It is the fastest way to buy a car and also offers many benefits when buying a car online. It is not necessary to go to auto shops yourself.
Project relevance
Let's take a look and answer why we should buy cars online. What are the benefits of buying a car online for customers when they search for information about cars online? All the information customers need to know before making a purchase decision, from detailed performance, interior and exterior analysis to objective reviews based on practical experience, clearly identifies the advantages and disadvantages of each vehicle. Moreover, buyers will save a lot of time, effort and, especially, can be fully active in seeking information, as evidenced, rather than too many showrooms during the opening for comparison and selection, they can learn in detail about each line through the information complete and selective. Buying cars online really saves you money. You don't need to go to the nearest car dealership. All you have to do is open your computer and go online. It takes less time and effort and also means less cost. The less money you spend, the better. Instead, you can invest your money in other expenses, such as maintaining your car. Car dealerships most often try to sell you the car they want you to buy instead of the car you want. Online shopping gives you the ability to compare brands of different cars, and then you can decide what type of car you want to buy, even before heading to the dealership. Online shopping gives you a wide variety of choices with just one click of a button. Thanks to such a wide selection, cars of different styles are even offered on one site, which usually contains all the new and unique models of the time. The ability to shop from multiple dealers across a large area allows you to shop exactly what you want while still getting the best price available. It is becoming more common not only to shop online, but also to offer prices to dealers via email or on their websites. In fact, the price you can agree to online can be significantly lower than what you would pay if you were shopping in person, because dealers using online services make money on volume, not price, and quickly move cars. These are the features of our project.
Risks dependencies
We may have some problems with the implementation of the site, as these days sites like olx.kz kolesa.kz, among people, this means that we already have some prototype sites that we can use. However, we can make a claim for plagiarism detection if we do exactly like kolesa.kz.
Requirements analysis 
In our terms, at least 5 principles of requirements should be involved in the implementation of the project, and the most important thing in our opinion is team cohesion. If you take an example, huge companies like Beeline, Big Four and etc. They all start with understanding each other and team cohesion. The next, equally important, is the work schedule. The work schedule helps us stay focused and not distracted by focusing on the project. And of course our knowledge (background skills), although we are not famous for our huge skills in projects, we have ambitions to know more and more what helps us move forward. If we don't understand something, we can search for the necessary resources from the Internet and find out about it. As long as we have the opportunity, we should use it. We also need to improve our study skills in a few days. Which helps us to finish our project quickly and at a good pace without any hesitation. If we cover information that we did not know in just a couple of hours or days, then we believe that this is a huge plus for our future, namely in future work. And of course we need money, without money we cannot buy some emoji stickers or emoticons that will help us improve our site.
Design and Project Features
First, we will look at the types of sites on the site tilda.cc and webx.page and see the options and we will combine everything together and make a beautiful layout of the site design. And there is also a site figma.com where we can make a skeleton of the site and find out in more detail and look at our site.
In the process of research, we realized that the car store is not so famous in our country. When asked why, we can answer this way:
Firstly, people do not particularly trust sites that take huge amounts of money and require registration of a card for payment.
Secondly, instead of a car store in Kazakhstan, there is kolesa.kz, which is the best option for selling used cars and new ones. But this site is more focused on selling used cars.
And if we take the sites of other countries, then in this case we did not find the ideal site for our categories, as they were too simple and difficult to use. For example, you can take the site https://www.carstore.com/ and you can understand what we talked about. However, our project will be similar to the site kolesa.kz, but with improved abilities and with its own chips. We will focus on the design of our site, because if you look at the site kolesa.kz, in our opinion, everything in the main window is very simple, namely, rough corners from the photo, and advertising does not attract a person to click and look, and small pictures that are not yet structured and a large number of words. We will take into account, in our opinion, the breeches in this site, and make a more beautiful frontend. Most likely, we will not add spare parts and repair services and so on, since we will only focus on selling cars in different cities. Our site itself will be special. Because we plan to make a beautiful design to attract many people to use our site, we will also do all the convenience for the people who use it so that they do not have any problems with the site. Today the sales of machines are very popular and in our country we have only one website for the sale of machines and their spare parts. If kolesa.kz has competitors like us, this can have a good effect on the success and convenience for people. 
 
Figure 1.0 ER Diagram for our Website (Gochoice.kz).
 
Timetable
In our opinion, our project should be completed in 7-8 weeks. And we are going to finish the frontend in 4-5 weeks, and the backend in the rest of the weeks. This is if we work on a project 7-12 hours a week. 

    
Budget
Since we don't have much experience in this matter, we decided to ask a person who knows a little more. He said that we first need to purchase a domain and hosting, thanks to which our site can go to the global server and we will have to pay 10.000-20.000 tenge annually for them. After all this, we figured that we needed a budget of 200,000 tenge.
Team information
There are three of us in the team and we divided our roles as follows: we agreed that I would be engaged in the front-end because I love working on design and have some good ideas about this. And also I will plan the weekly progress of our site and what parts will need to be developed. And Abilkayyr and Sultanbek will work on the backend, since they themselves insisted on this and already have experience working with each other on sites. And they also have special blanks. We want to take the Wheels application as the basis of the website and try to improve everything.
Communication strategy
We plan to hold online meetings every 3-4 days in order to share new ideas with each other (of course, if we have them), conduct a brainstorm and talk about new features of the site. But it goes without saying that any of our team can start an unscheduled meeting if they have a new idea or information for improvement.
Project methodology
To be honest, we do not yet know which software process model we will use. We will read and analyze and try to understand and choose the right model for us.

Milestone Week 1
In the first week, we got together and started discussing the design of our site. Thanks to our solidarity, we quickly found options for design, we looked at many sites before starting our own. And for us, the site kolesa.kz was a good example. first, we created our navbar, there are our functions such as advertising, registration, etc. After that, we wanted to add a carousel that will show ads for different brands. The next step was the beautiful inscription of our website, which included various shades of colors. If you move the mouse wheel down, you can see our list of ads. But at the moment we have not added any pictures of the cars. and the final part included sites where visitors can see our site on various social networks.
